# August 2nd, 1922; Miskatonic 
### The Waters of the Spring

<p>Swimming in the Miskatonic Spring, you feel very refreshed. After
15 minutes of this activity you submerge yourself underwater. Looking
aroung inside the waters of the spring, you see a strange colour near
the floor of the water. Not only do you see the colour, but you also
somehow come to <b>hear</b> the colour, you <b>hear</b> the faint
shining of a colour indescribable through the wavelengths of light
that humans are accustomed to seeing. In fact, rather than a 
1-dimensional description for the lengths of the waves that this
strange colour emits, it feels proper to give a 2-dimensional
description to its light waves, having a second dimension parallel
to the imaginary axis. You also begin to feel as if you can taste this 
colour, and unfortunately, you begin to feel that not only you could
taste it, but that you also are tasting it, that you are ingesting the
waters from this spring.</p>

You surface from the river immediately, deciding that you have spent
enough time fooling around and should begin [investigating the area](InvestigateTransition1.md).

<p>However, as you dry off and begin preparations to investigate the
surrounding mountains, you feel an odd sensation inside of you, and
see the shadow of a small rat in front of Randolph Carter's car.
However, this shadow isn't 2-dimensional, as you would see by casting
a hand-shadow onto a plane (like a wall), but was 3-dimensional, as if
something nearby in 4 dimensions had left a shadow of itself, visible
in our 3-dimensional world as a 3-dimensional entity of darkness.
After a few moments, this shadow disappears.</p>